Thanks a lot for caffeine, much needed. So a lot of this is going to be kind of talking around where we want to get, but I think it the way that I think about jobs to be done and whatever, you know, maybe I'll just be getting it out of my mind.

The stuff that, some of the stuff Raven was blathering about is here, some of it, not so much. But so, we are going to have a library to be, and that library to be, and how it gets made and where stuff comes from, there's going to be plays. And I'll probably do a diagram of those websites.

That totally works. Especially if we can say prompt software, prompt software, web view. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Totally. Here's what the view shows. Yeah. Agent play. Yeah. Like, we could show all that, like, holy smokes.

I know. I know. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Running on Orchestrator. Running on Paperclip. That is like a buildable, printable.

So good. Holy shit. So, like, the wizard. But I realize it is very low level. That's why I was saying, like, I'm talking details here. Yeah. No, no, no. We're going to get there.

So, I just want, so, the wizard is all about trying, kind of outside of the library, before the library exists. Yeah. The wizard's job is to be done, part of it is onboarding and beginning to make our buyer a good team member.

Yeah. So, what's funny is, so much of our success actually hinges on the user being good, knowing how this works, and, like, being a good product person, or, like, you think about James getting a promotion. Like, we need to imagine there is a James level person logging in.

Yeah. How does James still succeed? And that's tough, but that's why Raven is Raven, if it's not a checklist. Like, and that was a big, one of the big shifts away from the initial agent just running a checklist was this notion that we're going to have more James's than nots, and having the expert.

Yeah, so, I mean, I've gone back and forth between workflow and agent, and where's the determinism, where's the non-determinism, has been, I mean, you could oversimplify my last few months and say that's been my last few months, has been figuring that out.

And the reality is, what I've landed on is that, and I actually drew this on the board, I think, in the last meeting, and didn't actually say it, which is, you want the outside layer to be agentic, you want the middle layer to be deterministic in workflow, and then you want the bottom, like, the bottom layer, or the, like, hands team to also be agentic.

And they're on the rails of the workflow in the middle, and so Raven is that outside agent that is working across the whole workflow, but is constrained by the workflow, she can't do anything she wants, like edit the library, she, like, that has to happen through the workflow.

The workflow happening to different, to, you know, orchestrating these individual agentic stuff. Oh, the other nice thing is that, like, the workflow can wrap both determinism and non-determinism, so it can wrap things, there can be stations in the workflow, or stages in the workflow that are pure software, no non-determinism at all.

But, so that's the, that's the interface, the broad interface and the pattern that I've seen in all the agentic systems we've built, and it's that agentic outer layer that is kind of magical, because it can work around things that your workflow can't.

And so I'm so excited that we have, like, Raven, or whatever it is, like, outer teammates that you work with that is purely agentic, but is bound by some restrictions, that the workflow keeps, that keeps things on the rails, it's awesome.

Yeah, so the checklist doesn't go away, like you've seen, like, the wizard, the wizard is the replacement, it's the upgrade, but the one downside, the one thing we don't have yet for our wizard is it's not an actual orchestrated workflow.

So it's a process that an agent is trying to follow, but can mess up. So here's the, like, weirdness that I struggle with in this exercise. So the wizard is, like, a different product from the library.

The wizard is, like, trying to onboard and train a new user in being a good boss to Raven, and then also, like, help us kind of make this go as fast and painless as possible, and then it also, it's also, right now, the ingestion step, ingestion one, of, like, the first time we're sucking up stuff.

It's here, and to some extent, this sucking, this almost doesn't matter. Right. So... Yeah, we have to start somewhere. This is where we have to, like, the wizard has to exist in order to get the library to be.

And then there's the maintain the library piece, which is an entirely different problem. There's spitting up the library, which right now we're saying is with the wizard, and there's a team and plays, and it could be a complete...

Is the wizard the player, or the agent? I've always been confused about that. Right now, it's slash library, but, yeah, there's some, like, inconsistent analogies right now in Alexandria that we need to work on.

We don't have to solve all those naming challenges right now, but specifically, when you put it on the board, are you putting it on there as an agent or as a play?

Very... When I say wizard, what I'm imagining in my head, eventually, and it could be slash library or, I mean, we probably need a name, but when I think about what I'm talking about, we have raven?

Yeah, you're going to want to switch markers. You don't mind? The black one's over there. I was trying to use blue earlier, too, and it was just struggling.

Thanks. And, like, also, I will say that I want to get this all out of my head. The wizard we haven't even used in this kind of an idea right now, the libraries I've worked with for months and have much stronger opinions on, so...

Actually, it's funny, because I've used the library slash library, the wizard experience, more than I've used the library, so I'm more experienced on this side of things.

That's fantastic. So, I basically think, you know, when I say wizard, it's like we've got raven, who's sort of our interface. I would love for there to be, like, the scoreboard.

Right. Where it's not being held in chat what we're doing and how far we are. So, like, the buckets, the buckets with progress, like, the scoreboard doing the buckets with progress makes her life so much easier.

And there's probably even more we can do in a, I should probably, you know, maybe just call it library setup. Do, like, really blunt right now.

So, like, if this is library setup, I'm talking with raven, and there's a scoreboard, and then raven has kind of, like, a checklist, like a series of checklists that she's running us through.

Right. Plays, more or less. Well, yeah. Or, maybe it's all one, like, the checklists make up a play. I'm still trying to understand how you use the word play, that kind of stuff.

Totally. So, she has a checklist. She asks some questions to figure out the scope. Like, what's most important for us to get? Step one is set up the scoreboards, and then after that, it's ingestion.

And up until five days ago, I would have, when this wasn't particularly agentic, I would have just described this as a workflow or a checklist.

And so, I honestly don't know where I land on play or not play for this. But I will say that where plays are happening, 100%, is when you're using it.

She's like, oh, Kodyan said this, and then Sam said that. And you're like, are these voices in your head? Like, what's going on?

Which is why there's the question of, like, and this is the agent play interface one, like, should they see the whole team? Should they see more than just Draven?

Like, I don't know. And if they're not, do we need to really make sure she's quiet about them? Right. What I do think of plays as are ultimately, there's like genus and species.

This is genus make cards. Like, ultimately, this is an ingestion thing, and we are making atomic cards out of documentation, answers to elicitation, and some form of a code base walk.

And all of the plays that we'll talk about are basically like, maybe Solomon's triaging, maybe he's not. Solomon exists more for an active, generally more for an active library.

Like, he's very important when different signals are coming in, and they disagree, and we need to drunk Uncle Sal. For this right here, most of the plays are classic library plays.

Like, Sam is writing something up, and Conan's grading and judging. And theoretically, back here, if Sam does a crap job, and Conan's saying it doesn't make the cut, we could have, like, it's not like you do one cycle and then ask the human.

There's not programs into the checklist right now. It's like, okay, once everything's A-, show it to the human. Yeah, it's been annoying, because I've had to, like, Raven has, like, asked me, and I'm like, yes, do that.

Or I've had to remind her, like, after Sam writes, isn't Conan supposed to grade? And she's like, oh, yeah, yeah, you're right, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Yeah, totally is. Yeah, yeah. I'm like, thanks. Yeah, thanks, Raven. You're a fucking horrible quarterback. You should never have been your job.

I'm sorry that you're having to do it. Totally. And, right, so, you know, in Conductor, I'm, like, running an opus Raven, having her run a sonnet team, and, you know, after one or two plays, I have to remind her, like, remember, like, look at this MD, right?

This is how we're doing it. You're orchestrator Raven. Okay, cool. Yep. And so, like, we haven't really built the setup experience per se, but she's absolutely supported by a team, which we need to decide if we make visible.

At the very least, there's a scoreboard, and there's a huge open question to me around this checklist. Like, should the human be interacting primarily with software where Raven is really more a part of the landscape versus talking with Raven about it?

I don't know. Like, we just made the switch from checklist to Raven, and I don't even really know how to use Cloud Code. Like, I'm trying, but then I fall asleep because it's a whole other system to learn in.

I'm not a coder. So when you're saying, you know, what are you talking about and what's the play and everything else, it's like, gosh, these could be plays, but I don't think they should be.

I think they should be an interface. The plays she's running are behind the scenes, but it's involving so many issues that we might need to show them.

The only thing I have a lot of confidence in is when we do the scope, I really do want everyone to know what we're doing and what close to done looks like, and I want someone to be able to say, okay, like, there's, like, must have, you know, really good to have and nice to have, and must have.

I want to be able to be like, hey, want us to start building while you fill this out or whatever? Like, there's a certain degree of let's go. With a three-day attention span, there's a certain degree of, like, let's fucking get your factory building.

And then everything we talked about of, like, there's so much I want being done behind the scenes, and at the same time, the big fail case in this is the person saying, how are you going to bill for $200?

All I'm doing is uploading documents. Like, what's going on? We made you 300 cards, master. Look at our viewer. 300. You made all of them. What can I do?

Oh, nothing yet. You're only a third of the way done here. Yes, yes. Give us more tokens. Give us more tokens, please.

So very, very different from the library, which is all behind the scenes. Except for, like, I feel good about the library.

I'm like, hey, go talk to Raven. Like, she's your concierge. She has a job to do. It's a broad job. It's not a specific job. It's, like, generally she's your concierge.

You give her your documentations. You're asking her questions. She'll figure it out. Everyone has these behind-the-scenes plays that you never need to see, no problem.

The wizard's this really weird situation that's, like, probably vital to our success and, like, in flux in my mind. And then there's the library, which I could give you much firmer opinions on.

So just like you were like, here's how I'm thinking about this, this is my similar, like, hey, like, I'm sorting through this and, like, trying to catch up in Cloud Code enough to see what we even have.

But there's some unsolved stuff here. That, in some ways, I've been waiting for you for. Mm-hmm. Great. Yeah, well, I've been using it.

We should keep using it. I think what we should do for now is just document what exists right now. And getting into the details of what exists will serve dual purposes.

For the wizard. Huh? For the wizard? For the wizard. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. The onboarding step. Library setup.

Yeah, library setup. For library setup, let's, like, map it out. Like, what exists today. That'll serve the dual purpose of getting you up to speed on what exists.

And allow us to have some conversations around, specific conversations around orchestration, around, you know, what are the checklists, how is the scoreboard implemented.

Yeah. And so that's one argument would be start with setup because it's the beginning of the funnel and it's the experience that most people are going to have first.

The other argument is that setup exists. So the argument for not doing that and starting on the library to B is that you know that area better.

So we could probably have a faster conversation there and that we think that ongoing usage of the library is more valuable and we could leave the setup.

I've used the setup experience several times now and it's not great but it's good enough to get started. It's good enough to get you to the library to B.

And then you can iterate from there. So one way of saying is, like, we'll come back to setup. Let's actually focus on library maintenance since that's an area where we would be, like, more equal partners.

Slash you could lead more which I think given the energy of the meeting might be helpful for you to, like, teach me about the library.

I didn't realize how much energy I expended this morning on that morning session. And I'm not sure that I have the detail orientation right now to go through setup.

And to, like, spell it out. But I could definitely absorb if you want to talk the library to B. Because, like, one area that I'm super curious about and I started mapping out in this image here is triage.

Like, I don't know how it works. No idea. And if you don't know either, well, we can go look and find out and, like, dig into the actual skills and prompts.

And, like, look through it and then scope triage down to what it actually can do versus what it could do. What it can do today versus what it could do.

I'm open to either one. I think either one of them is going to flesh out a bunch of our map as we do it. So probably just start in one place or the other.

Triage or setup. I'll need to switch gears. I do think the more disciplined thing working towards hitting print in an hour and 12 minutes is the library, not the library, not the library setup.

I think so. Well, yeah. So there's things that we can hit print for in an hour and 12 minutes that are, even if we make it 5% of the way through documenting the library to be more stable.

We're still going to hit print in an hour and 12 minutes. So we're still going to hit print in an hour and 12 minutes.

But if we make it 5% of the way through documenting the library to be more set up, it'll just immediately lock in some things about the web viewer and the CLI.

That are just obvious. Like, well, you have this agent and you have this agent and you have this one skill. Just this one.

And here's how these two agents interact with this one skill. And here's how it would need to work in the CLI in order for the agents to do their part and software to do its part.

It's like wherever we start painting, it's going to reveal 20% of the manuscript immediately. And then there'll be diminishing returns every minute we spend after that.

To get to finally, we'll never get to 100%, but we'll get to 80% over the course of the next several days. So in some ways, we just need to start pulling somewhere.

And wherever you feel like you've got the energy and the knowledge, wherever we can go fastest, maybe that's the way to think about it, is if we're going to print in an hour and 12 minutes.

We should start wherever we can go fastest. Yeah, I don't think we can go faster. I don't think we can.

There's some design work to do. Well said. Well said. In fact, you can't print until you've done design.

Like, first rule of factory. And if there's design work to do, we can't get print on it. So let's find some place where you're just like, please freaking print this.

I've done so much design work here. Let's do that. Take a picture. Yeah. Woo! Yeah, and I think we just recorded some good stuff there.

Yeah. And what I can share with you that you had experience with on a couple different levels is like, the good news is whatever we decide on all of that.

The underlying logic and process is all there. But we have some design work to do for how to deliver it. And to some extent, the better work we do there.

The less fancy we have to get with orchestration. Even thinking about the email I just sent Mike, I have some ideas for improving it.

Awesome. Like, if we made every step its own skill and always kept the peanut butter separate from the jelly and put it on rails a little more, we'd get better performance.

I'm just going to go read the library for a little bit. I think that will be helpful. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.

One request I would have, by the way, is to use names rather than numbers when describing sweeps, steps, jobs, that kind of stuff.

I have a really hard time remembering how numbers map to a thing. So if you're like, job three, such and such and such, that means it's like me drawing a picture for you on the whiteboard.

It's like that means nothing to me. But job three is like the critical job. I can't do that mapping very quickly.

Yeah, we can fix that. Yeah. Oh, one other thing I've noticed in the last couple of days, and I've been holding off on addressing this until I have a better picture of the whole library.

Until I have our diagram, is that there's a fair amount of redundancy in the library in terms of skills and documents, like sitting in the wrong place.

And that kind of stuff, and it creates confusion for the agents when they're loading things up from the library in order to execute there.

So, yeah, one of the things I'm hoping to do out of this is do a cleanup pass in the library where I literally go through every single freaking file in the entire repository.

And make every single file justify itself. Like, why are you here? What are you doing? Why are you here? What are you doing?

And just do a cleanup pass. Okay. Okay. So, rather than do a big, crazy top-down thing, I want to do just a bottom-up.

If I could only have one play, what would it be and why? Yeah. Build up from a one working thing and then add thing by thing, I think.

And I will tell you the story behind how the play got built and what it is and why I think it's so important.

And I just love, I just argued with Raven about this. I'm like, okay, if I can only have one play, what is it?

Do we need a picture? I got one already. You're good. Just as an aside, I'm really excited to build a web viewer with Raven in the web viewer.

Yeah. That is, I'm just so excited for that. Of, like, building the agentic environment where you can talk to your agent.

It's a little bit of the life build experience, agent play, corporate wars, whatever. I want to go back all the way to the thing that you helped me with on autopoetic environment.

Exactly. All other ones. That's when this began. This is exactly that.

Oh, man. Like, OpenClaw is autopoetic. That's why people love it. It's like it modifies itself in a place.

Yeah. People don't even know what that word is, but that's why they love this. So, so. Anyway. What is your one play, Danvers?

What is it? Tell me the story. Yeah. And so imagine this. Imagine that you and I are, like, ambitious humans, and we're like, we're going to make our own cards.

Like, forget this agent stuff. Like, I used the wizard. I get this. Like, let's make some cards.

Heck yeah. Like. I've written stuff before. How hard can it be? Yeah. And so we do, right?

We do our own cards, or we're like, okay. Sam the Scribe's going to write it. Sam, I've got a great free Chinese model. I'm throwing you on it.

Like, write some cards. And, like, maybe if Sam writes them in English, maybe he does. We don't know, right?

There's just, there's so much you or I have no control over in a freaking documentation system. Yep.

And just, like, no matter how hard you try, agents and humans both suffer from the same thing that drives me fucking crazy.

Which is they tend not to understand what a node's job in a system is and how it connects to everything else.

And more times than not, just do it wrong. Right. They don't even know they're looking at a node.

They don't even know there's a system. They don't even know there's a system, right?

And the power of this is that it is a system of nodes. So, you know, as a library Nazi, I just want to know that all the things that get fucked up can programmatically get fixed.

That everyone can understand why, and they're less likely to make the same mistake again. So that's my little, like, job-to-be-done story.

And that is the birth of Conan's grades. That is the birth of the Conan grading system. If I could only have one thing...

So this is like the Dewey Decimal System for our library? It's not, I don't think, like, the Dewey Decimal System for our library.

But it is definitely... Yeah, to some extent. In terms of the meme, it is Conan picking you up and being like, Don't you know the Dewey Decimal System? Yeah. Yeah, it is like that. It enforces structure. Like, you can't have that book over there. Yes. No. No, you may not. Yes. So it's less the taxonomy that I'm referring to and more the purpose of the taxonomy, which is to keep things where they belong.

Now we're saying the same thing. Yeah. Yeah. So there's... What the play looks like right now is... Knit sweeps. Yeah. Don't use that marker, Danvers. Stop it. Stop it. I was just looking at all of Knit's sweeps and all of the things that I get to software. I'm excited. Yeah. Oh, yeah, totally. Like, dude, this is all going to be software.

So when Knit sweeps, partially just because, like... Actually, while you're saying that, I might as well start taking a nap. If... Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. No, dude, we're... I've got you. I'm going to try to speak your language. This is going to be bottom-up, one play at a time. Whoo! Mechanical. So excited.

I'm going to try to make this so that you don't have to translate. You can still ask questions when I leer, but, like, my goal for this meeting, like, when we score this meeting, it is a process six or seven if you didn't need to bend your brain around to understand what I'm rambling about. That's not me saying there's anything wrong with your brain. It's that I understand mine's weird.

So, Knit sweeps. Now, what is that... Like, who cares? Why the fuck is Knit sweeping? Here's my reasoning behind this. Basically, like, sometimes things are just broken. Like, there's a broken link. There's an unreadable card. Commands, tokens are so... I mean, this is going to be software, but this is a cheap model right now.

And so I don't want Conan looking at stuff if there's broken links and poorly formatted cards and, like, the grace... It's like, write the obvious stuff before you send it to your high-dollar editor. Right, just common sense. Like, run spell check before you send it to the editor at the publishing house.

Before Knit existed, this was Sam doing the, like, hey, Sam, can you just... So Knit sweeps. And basically, Knit says, okay, boss, like, things aren't fucked up. Like, the basics are covered.

And, you know, this... And Knit is... Knit's logic is a grepzilla copy. Like, I was using grepzilla when we had a free grepzilla, and I worked with it for two weeks, and I was like, okay, this all worked way better with grepzilla than without.

Like, what was it doing? It was like this. I'm like, can we agent that? It's like, sure. I'm like, okay, so that's Knit. Knit the Picker is aping grepzilla agentically.

And you can dig into Knit to see what that looks like, have a big, hearty laugh, and then make it software. Yep, I did that. I didn't do the laugh part, but I did the digging.

This goes back three weeks ago or whatever, where the grepzilla ran out, and I was like, I'll make my own. And you were just like, what a fucking world. What a world. Exactly.

Danvers is replacing Q code review systems with homebrew code review. And I launched a successful product. We haven't even talked about how wildly successful Hearthfire is. Hearthfire is a good invention.

Augie is changing for the first time ever. Like, it is working a miracle. It's hard for me to, I'm too close to it, but objectively, if I were a psychiatrist, I would be like, mm. That's so great. Going nuts.

So anyway, Knit sweeps. Once everything's not broken, Conan has rubrics for card types. He sort of has, like, and these could be so much better. He does not have, like, winning examples.

Like, boy, when we do a card this way, agents sure can code better with it, and marketers sure can market better with it. This is just, like, my best guess. Very Dewey Decimal in the sense that it's like, there is one way to do library. You do library my way.

These are my rubrics. It's like, but I'm a marketer. I don't fucking care. Dewey does not care. He doesn't care. Yeah, no, totally.

So, yeah, very much. Standards. Like, this is what you're buying. What you're buying is this works. And so, he has these rubrics, and he's basically like, okay.

Yeah, what you're buying is this works together. Yes. Like, you're buying the system of, like, we've made sure that this all works together. The cohesiveness.

It's like, you can pull out random skills from the internet, but they are not a cohesive system that works together. Yep.

Speaking of which. Teamwork. Collaboration. Speaking of which. Yeah. We're so into systems thinking over here. This here is good.

It's good. It's a good step. This is a good step, and this is a good step. I like both of these steps. But they're grossly insufficient.

Why? Because this is basically saying, like, I see smoke here. I see smoke there. I see a wisp of smoke here. But then Conant has a job of, like, all right, dude.

Given, like, this, I need a root causes report here. Like, new skill. Root causes analysis. Yep. It's the take a step back. Look at the whole system as a whole.

Take a step back. What are the patterns that you're seeing as, and you can just imagine as we get, like, all of these, I'll shut up. I'll shut up.

What's wrong here? And it could be like, you know what? We ingested this entire document in the wrong fucking part of the library.

We actually, someone hallucinated this answer over here. Like, mistakes happen, and it's like, okay, here's the problem. Here's the problem.

And then the, it could end there. It could end there. Well, first, this never existed. First, knit sweeps didn't even happen.

Where I began was grades. I would have him grade cards, and I'd be like, okay, cool. Now we know what's going on. But then I realized that he was, sometimes his grades were based on broken stuff, and sometimes those grades were, like, really inefficient and even a little bit confusing.

But, like, it's very valuable to know that there's the root cause analysis, and then arguably the most important part of the play is coming to the human with an action plan.

And I think, why not from that root cause analysis just fix it? Well, so we could. We totally could. That's an option.

When we talk about settings, I could actually see us cutting off right here. But the thing I love about the action plan, the action plan is basically this, as I understand it, as I recall last time I did it.

Who knows? Maybe it's changed in all our builds, and something elucidated something, and something changed. But in essence, I'm basically saying, listen, here's your grades.

Here's what I think is wrong, and here's my plan for fixing it. Apply rubrics. So grade. Apply rubrics. Cards to card.

Then you go to card scores. Then you go to domain scores. Then you go to system health. After the build or work, regular cadence.

Status request. Procedure. Structural pre-check. Before grading content, run the grade CLI with library.

Grade each section by section. Card. What, why, when, where, or how. Flag misclassification signals.

Compute card grade. Compute domain grade. Compute system grade. Interesting.

All right. So you're saying action plan. Downstream seek. Diagnose. Trace root causes.

So diagnose is the root cause skill? I think so. Weakness clusters. And fire root causes.

Missing card. Stubbed card. Disconnected card. Quality gap. Structural gap. Scales. Risk gap.

The blast radius stuff is oftentimes my favorite analysis. Conan says if we fix this one thing, 35 cards fix themselves, I feel like he's the smartest guy I've ever met.

And remember, Raven's brand new to me too. In the past, I only worked with Conan, and he was just this angry motherfucker who'd be like, listen, you and this whole group screwed everything up, but we're going to fix it.

I'm going to make this poor bastard go fix it for me. Here's my plan. Recommend. Prioritize fixes by blast radius and severity.

Present options for human decision. After diagnosis, or what should we fix first?

Okay. So this whole back and forth, that is, well, I'm about to get into why talk to the humans.

And all the little things you just showed there are choices we're making that are based on some assumptions which could change.

So we're getting to the part that I'm least opinionated about, but you literally just highlighted what the opinions are.

So we could potentially just say Conan got it right and just go forth. Right.

The reasons I have a human get involved. Once this got humming, I'd say it was only 10% of the time, but 10% of the time, I'd look at what he said and know as the product owner, context of the library is missing.

It's hurting us. And one of those gaps is like, oh, there's this whole gap because we don't know this. Can you go find this? Can you go help us?

So there's a particular gap that the answer is go talk to a human. And so if we don't have this check-in, we need to be able to send an email.

Right. You need to be able to raise your hand. You need to be able to raise your hand.

And that's a tricky one for a lot of reasons, both from a UX perspective, but also how do you give them the judgment to know when it's time to raise your hand?

Yeah, by categories. So if we go back to the categories, some categories are like...

Is this a type of taxonomy? No, you were right on it when it goes like stub, missing card, stub card, three, identify root causes.

Got it. So like missing card should exist, doesn't. If that's due to a lack of... Oh, source gap.

So source gap is like always talk to a human. Got it. Whereas like...

So that should be job four. Quality gap sometimes is... Might be prioritize fix, job five, review.

No, this is reviewing. That's reviewing Sam's work. Job zero probably needs to go away because that's now Solomon.

No, maybe not. Audit source material quality before inventory. Yeah, this definitely feels like a Solomon thing.

Source and truth document. I guess we could ask Raven. I guess we don't need to get in that level of detail right now, but we will at some point of like how do you know you need to ask a human?

And to your point, what you're saying is that that's encoding. That is bundling in an assumption or a preference that we have, which is bring a human in in these situations.

Yeah, so, and right. I literally was like not looking at the screen and trying not to listen to you just to not get to that level of detail, to not lose this.

But if I need to get there, I will. But I just... We don't need to do it right now.

Do my best to dodge. But we have to. Well, so again, a new way to think about this is rewriting Conan from scratch.

Like what you were just saying about like, oh, there's a little Raven here and there's a little Solomon here and fuck yeah, definitely.

Like I did a quick and dirty remake the entire library team. Part of building from the ground up is just like we could just build this from the ground up.

That's really interesting too. Like if we had the JTBD, then we could look at our evals that we have and say do we trust these evals?

If we trust the evals, then we could say hell, like rebuild it, build the agent from scratch.

And like until, and then he'll climb towards the evals, having good grades.

And like part of this is just how we go about and what we want or whatever.

But like to some extent, I'm trying to comb through this jungle. I'm trying to help you avoid that.

And I love that you're orienting. I'm definitely orienting right now. And it's helpful for me to see because I'm seeing things that should be software.

I'm seeing things that should be a handoff between, like there's, for example, there's a handoff right now between Conan and Sam and back to Conan between like review and, or like recommend and review or something like that.

And that's what's currently happening because I've seen it happen. And yeah, do we want that to happen?

I don't know. But that's the way it currently happens. And that brings up the question of how does handoff actually work?

Which is like a really important question in most multi-agent team coordination situations.

Probably has orchestrated ramifications as well. Like, yeah.

So because there's no way to raise a hand and there's no way to send an email, the way this is set up really is like, all right, and to some extent because we want pilots to feel like they're flying the plane.

The way this is set up is that Conan comes in and is basically like, listen, I just did what you can't do, human.

I went through a four-dimensional knowledge graph, graded it, did a splash radius analysis and have come up with these issues.

Here's what I see is going wrong. A lot of this, the human's actually not qualified to make the call on it.

Some of it, like source material deficits or thin cards, they're the most important person in the room.

This isn't differentiating right now. It's saying, here's what needs to be done. Here's what I think we should do.

What do you think?

So same thing as a good consultant. Here's the solution. What do you think, boss?

No, no, no. Sally from accounting would literally try to kill herself if we did this.

So it's like a speak now or forever hold your peace. It's passing responsibility to a human party.

And then it's saying, all right, cool.

And I would imagine if we had this orchestrated and everything, this would be something that the product owner would wake up to.

At 3 AM, Conan, when tokens are the cheapest and no one's doing anything, he does a library health check daily or monthly or weekly.

And it's like, hey, I'm thinking this. And it might even be, if I don't hear from you in the next 24 hours, we're just going to plug and do it.

But what if now?

I assume the answer is X. Until if I don't hear from you in 24 hours, is that going with the answer X?

But of course, with there being zero orchestration, how this works is I initiate this.

I go into Conductor and I say, all right, I need Conan to do a health check. And this is the health check.

And if I could only do one thing, it's this.

Because it's basically taking everything that's driven me crazy about every knowledge management system I've ever had to be in with a team my entire life and calling everything to the carpet.

What this isn't addressing is what this is doing is it is grading everything that has been atomized.

It is not speaking to Jenny uploaded the wrong document or the document that Jenny uploaded doesn't agree with the documents that already existed.

That is going to be poor Solomon. And that's probably going to be the toughest job.

And we haven't needed to test it yet because we don't have use cases like that.

But if you can't have Solomon, and this is just about having a library that isn't broken, delivering bad stuff poorly rendered.

This keeps things quality. And if I could only run one play, it's this.

And when the action plan is approved, assuming that we say action plan is approved, that's where Sam the scribe comes in.

Kodian is going to generate basically the project plan, the work order.

And this is where the library not having beads is problematic.

Then Sam the scribe, Kodian judges Sam scribes. Sam the scribe scribes.

Makes the fixes. And then because-

Tell me more about Sam scribing real quick because I haven't read a lot of his prompts.

I've just, like, is he expanding on one sentence of context that he gets from Conan?

Is Conan telling him, like there's a spectrum of Conan's telling you go write a card for some concept and you follow some rules.

But you are the writer. And then there's Conan saying, write exactly this.

And Sam is the writer in that sense, but isn't making any decisions.

Like on the spectrum between those two realities.

It's more like the first one than the second one.

Conan's not enough. And to some extent, like, we can sort of decide.

But the way that I wanted to make Conan skinnier, I mean, it's interesting because part of this is like if Sam, and we don't know.

But if it turns out that Sam just using, because I would love for Sam the scribe to be like less than the song.

You know what I mean?

I'd love for Sam the scribe to be really effing cheap.

And generally speaking, haiku, like, it really would be like, you're doing this thing.

Conan said this. Follow these rules. Make it.

And so like, I'm imagining that Conan is outlining, I believe the way I designed it.

And we'll see how it is actually playing.

Because Conan is like, here is the plan, and here is the reasoning.

And Sam is basically following the rules to fill out the card.

And is filling it out.

And then you do this whole thing again after you do it.

Because the reality, as we both know, is that sometimes when you fix something, you break something else.

And sometimes when you have things that are fixed, it then shows that something else was broken already.

You didn't break it. It was broken. You just couldn't see it because it was being obscured from the other broken thing.

And so ideally, after Sam scribes, you go all the way back to knit sweeping to make sure that nothing broke when Sam did it.

Conan did it.

And this goes back to if you're orchestrated needing to land at, there is a level of library health quality that stops this.

Which could be, we did it twice. It could be that doing this twice ends the loop.

But yeah, with no orchestration and with no software, the way this works is Sam the scribe finishes.

And then I type into conductor. OK, do it again. Same play. And then I'm just praying that it's using the correct agents and the correct plates and all that other stuff.

That's how all our context libraries have been maintained or not.

And if we can do this, and this works, like if we decide, if we hit print on.

Holy crap. Holy crap.

Card creation is a monster skill.

So that's not a procedure. We just have to read what first, where, why, and what direction, how, when.

When to outline how.

Ante examples. Quick self-check. Standard card reader.

Standard card reader.

Oh, it's got product layer. It's got all of these in the same.

OK. Yeah, we just need to break this apart.

Batch workflow. Create cards and build order.

Product thesis. Standard species. Systems.

OK. So when you're saying, this play, it means you're creating a play.

And then you're saying, this is a play.

And then you're saying, it's a play. This is a play. This play.

Can you walk me through the high-level again?

So it's Nit checks the library. Conan grades the library based on his rubrics.

Conan tries to determine where the problems come from.

And based on that, Conan comes up with an action plan of what he thinks should be fixed.

Sam writes the cards for it. Then Nit sweeps again to make sure that Sam didn't screw anything up when writing.

And then we go back through that again.

And then grades.

And then, OK.

And that was what you were saying about maybe the loop is we do this twice or because things get uncovered and that kind of stuff.

OK. Yeah, pretty similar to, I don't know, the whole Devin.

I made this feature, and Devin was like, there's problems.

I made this feature, and Devin was like, there's problems.

I made this feature, and there's problems.

Yeah, well, it's a refactoring loop, where in the process of refactoring, you might need to refactor what you refactor.

So yeah, I drew a line back.

But the way it works right now is he diagnoses the root causes. He writes a prioritized, we call it a surgery plan.

Sam executes the fixes. Nit checks the fixes to make sure nothing broke.

Conan regrades.

And I will say that usually by that second regrade, things are looking pretty good.

Maybe there's a B plus, but it's usually a minuses or higher in the library I've been in.

Because the root cause analysis was done because as much as they're legacy agents that are generally too fat and can be organized better.

But there's a good separation of concerns, quality's pretty good.

Yeah. No, I think there's an argument for rebuilding these things from the ground up.

There's also another argument for it already works. Don't break it.

And it already works in the sense that we already find it. It works like the wizard works.

We find value in it.

And if we're finding value in it, then iterate on what's there carefully.

And only when you have confidence that your evals are tracking the right thing.

Which leads us down another rabbit hole of detail, which at some point we need to go through our evals with a fine tooth comb and throw out evals that we think are useless.

Do a better job of giving examples that we think are strong examples that we want to eval against.

Rerun the baselines, that kind of stuff.

Because more and more, now that we see that previous whiteboard that we erased at the beginning of the day.

Our first meeting of the day, that the value is in the agents and the plays.

Then the evals just become, that's what enables you to have confidence in your agents and plays and enables you to iterate on them without breaking them.

And then, yeah, obviously it's the learning as well that happens.

But ideally that learning would be encoded in evals.

So, yeah, that note.

I'm glad that we started investing in evals weeks ago and that we've been running baselines.

And we've started, you know, have an eval setup and we've done some pretty extensive work there.

But I don't know that, now that we're getting down to defining the core job to be done.

We can kind of slim down and get rid of some other stuff that isn't core.

And we can also focus on a core set of evals and really focus on high quality within a smaller set.

Which is always my goal coming into today.

The last couple of days I've been thinking, like, how can we make...

The vision is enormous, and that's really good, and I'm excited about that.

And how can we make two things at once, which is, how can we make a thing that builds towards that big vision?

But how can we make the center thing even smaller so that we can deliver a very high-quality experience within that narrow, narrow slice?

And it really does come down to evals and slimming some of this stuff down. Solving orchestration, and softwareing the things that should be software, once we've solved orchestration. Or at least that's what I'm seeing.

The good news is that's what we've been saying, more or less, for, like, weeks now. Yeah, and the reality is that, well, yeah, yeah, yeah, I totally see where you're taking us, and I love it, and this is, this right here is my thing of, like, if all we did is work on this and make sure that this worked, this is the most foundational, valuable, and in many ways complex play we were on.

Putting aside Solomon, which I've never used, and I can't speak to, Solomon is a placeholder, and it's going to get ugly over there, and we'll figure that out when we get there. Having Solomon as a placeholder, too, enables us to slim down Conan. Big time. It's like, no, no, no, we rip off all of Solomon. Raven, too.

This library used to be run by two people. Conan had all the jobs. Raven's job, Solomon's job, and his job. And then there was just little Sam, the scribe, who then was his hands team for all those things, too. But at the heart of the library is Conan the librarian.

This is the spine. And as Raven puts it, this is the play that makes the library actually get better, not just know it's bad. And every other play either feeds into it or depends on it. It's true. Yeah, the triage play, the setup play, all of those go to a writing stage like this, where we do surgery, we do the whole thing.

So that's the current play 2.2. Improvement loop of play 2.1. Grade has its entry point. Seven steps, three agents, and it iterates. If the regrade still shows problems, it cycles back to step three.

This is the play that makes the library actually get better, not just know it's bad. And every other play either feeds into it or depends on it.

And then getting really, really clean and clear on all of this, in many ways, I'm with you that this is working, and in many ways, it might just go so much easier on us, too. Well, we know it's super token inefficient. Yeah. We know it's, like, really slow. Yeah.

Like, just rebuilding this and then figuring out minimum viable from this would be totally acceptable to me. Like, and, you know, let's reuse the greatest hits of what we already have. I think it would be very fast to rebuild this, isn't it? Yeah, no, I think you're right.

But, like, when we look at Sam, I made Sam, what, three months ago? I haven't touched Sam for three months? Yeah, we've learned so much since then. Like, you wrote an entire writing team since you wrote Sam, and Sam's job is writing. Yeah.

Like, it could be that importing a writing team is actually the better approach here. Could be. Breaking Sam up into separation of concerns. Yeah, yeah.

Okay, so there's a, from a process perspective, wow, this is so much smaller than I even thought we would go, which is really, really cool. I didn't think we could get it to be so small, like the S for now. I mean, obviously, like, the library is doing some other stuff.

Yeah. But we're just saying, we don't have confidence in the other stuff. Not really. Yeah, oh. We're like, it's kind of vibed. The other stuff is kind of vibed. It's actually useful already.

Part of the reason why it's useful is because this step is actually pretty damn good, right? So it's like the context out of which the vibes are running on is actually pretty good.

There is, I have a fair amount of confidence in the planning step, which is interesting because it only touches one part of the library, which is the context briefing. And it touches Raven. It touches Raven, her product skills, plus the context briefing.

It's almost like a whole other, it's a whole other, like, flow like this that we could build around. But I absolutely agree with you that this is the core. This is the, yeah, this is the thing we should work on making good.

And from a process perspective, this is where you and I can work together on building an eval system that we trust, iterating on a multi-agent play, solving the orchestration problem, building a CLI tool that allows the agents to, like, softwareing the things that should be software by putting them in the CLI, and then building the web viewer component that gives you the visibility into this, just the Conan-Sam steps that are happening.

Yeah. Okay. What's on your mind? I'm going to go use the restroom and think about it. Oh, yeah. Unless you have something to say right away. Oh, no, no. Oh, of course I do. Go to the restroom sounds great. And then I'll speak to a known problem in the library.

Mm-hmm. It's not a missing second play, but I want to talk about the second play. There's really two core plays. And the other one is, like, directly related to the wizard.

It's really just two core plays. Okay. Cool. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.

I didn't realize that the hour had become happy. Oh, yeah. That's why I had a Russian mule or whatever. And I was so in it that I didn't even notice. Oh, my goodness.

Okay. Yeah, this is maintain the library. Kind of. So if I could only do one thing, it would basically be some poor son of a gun gave us all their product documentation.

I'm just going to assume that that's all they ever had. And we're going to make it like, not just rot and be useless and suck. But the reality is, and like, that's still not, that's better than a lot of documentation systems.

Oh, yeah. Something.

But the second most important play is new information. Basically, hey, I've got a, I've got a, I've got our marketing plan. Or perhaps co-founders just had a meeting. Totally.

Or perhaps more importantly, I've got like a GTM update. You know, we're specializing in fashion. Just fashion. Smallest available market ever. Not sub tweeting anyone we know.

So, like, I have, for better or for worse, a fat process at Genesis. Because I'm assuming we're getting pretty big fat stuff. And we're putting it all together for the first time.

So, like, it's like, I've got this pile of clay and this pile of clay and I need to make a maze. Like, eh. And then I've got a skinnier process for updates.

And it's like, you talk about something being vibed. This is pretty vibed right now. Good news is that from a training model perspective, these guys are really good at documentation.

And I have a feeling that the models are just strong enough to overcome my shaky process. I think this is an issue where we might be able to be skinny at both.

And just, they're probably just really good at this.

But, so, step one, which I vaguely remember doing. And I couldn't give you the guts of, I need to reread it. Because Conan does an epistemic check.

Unsettledness, which very much could be a Solomon thing. Then he does a source assessment. I saw this one. Where was it? 5.2.

Then he puts together his update. What is the source of truth document? Whatever the, I'm sorry, what context are you pulling that out of?

This is Conan's job source assessment. Identifies the material. So, our sources of truth for the library are the source materials that were being given from the humans.

Here's our marketing plan. Most updated one. Everything in here is new is right. So, I've got marketing, I've got the 2025 marketing plan.

And it's being updated by the 2026 marketing plan. They're both going into the library. The 2026 is my new source of truth.

So, the update plan is a cousin to, it's like a surgery plan. It's very much like a surgery plan. Rather than saying, here's what to fix, it's saying, here's what to make.

And then Sam scribes. And so, yeah, Conan judges, Sam scribes. Conan judges, Sam scribes, then nitpicks. And at this point, it's old and deserves scrutiny.

Conan does a downstream sync, which maybe someone else should be doing that. I don't even remember what it does anymore.

And so, in a world without wizards. In a world without wizards. Coming into a theater new. Totally.

So, in a world without wizards, you come, in a world with just two agents, you come in and you say, Conan, here's my marketing plan.

And he says, I'm going to make it atomic. And he does. And then you say, here's my design standards. I'm just giving you kind of what I think, how I think about it.

In a world without wizards, there's this play and this play. And that, in my opinion, is minimum viable context library.

I was able to make our first light build. Maybe it was work squared back then. Our very first context library was these two plays.

How do you think about Solomon today? Given where we're at right now and how much you've used him, would you just throw him out entirely and rebuild him from scratch, starting smaller?

Or is it like, I just want to test it out a little bit and see.

Solomon? Yeah, Solomon. Well, so, I guess I'll answer your question. How do I think about Solomon? Yeah, you were saying, you said several times you haven't used him, so you're not sure how well he would perform.

I could take that in lots of different directions. Oh, cool. Like, and therefore what? You should use him and find out. Therefore, we shouldn't use him right now.

Therefore, we can leave him in the code base but don't focus on him. Therefore, yeah, I don't know.

So in this story, I would, in this story, if we had to, I would kill Raven and Solomon both. They'd both be dead in this story.

In the simplest possible context library, we are actually back to Sam, Conan, and Nick. Nick has taken on jobs that Sam and Conan both used to have that they never should have.

Right. It would be three agents. And potentially Nick gets completely replaced by software, in which case Nick is literally a tool.

Yeah. There's only two agents. Yes. Nothing about Nick is magic. Yeah, yeah. It can be entirely.

Rebuilding our plays and our coverage and our team and imagining that I'm trying to open up my frickin' cell phone business in Chapel Hill and like, okay, we need to cover downtown.

Now, I'm not directly answering your question. I will. But I think indirectly just like in terms of what should we build? What should we be working on? What's our focus?

Solomon and Raven have jobs. These guys can do their jobs. If these guys can't do their jobs, those guys are gilding the lily.

They handle organizational complexity and human interactions that are earned by this working. And so I have used Raven. She's tuned more.

But I would give her just as little focus as I would give Solomon if we can't get these right. And if we get these right, what we learn from getting these right, we would fucking disease spread to those two guys.

Lickety split. Yeah, I think the way that I'm thinking about it is Solomon. I'm in the bathroom, too. Yeah, go ahead. Feel free to talk into the microphone.

Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Now, with all that said, I'm absolutely down to rant about Solomon once you're done sharing what you're going to share.

Because I do have strong Solomon opinions. Models are really good at a lot of things. And even an untuned model experience with, like, Opus or Codex can get you pretty far.

In fact, probably the biggest risk that we have as a company is that, like, coordination doesn't actually matter. Like, it doesn't improve performance enough such that a model really will get you there alone without even orchestration.

And we're taking that bet. The reason we're taking that bet is we're trying to get sold in the next 12 months. Oh, yeah, absolutely.

I completely agree. We only care about six months. Our bet is that's not going to happen in the next 12 months. Exactly. Bingo.

That's pretty good. I like that bet. Yeah, I'll take that bet, too. I think it's a reasonable thing to bet against in the short term.

Probably a terrible thing to bet against in the long term. Probably flips from being one of the best bets you can make in the next three to six months and the worst you can make in the 12 to 24.

But, anyway, the reason I bring that up is because we both know from experience that conversations with Raven have been very helpful.

And I don't want to delete Raven from that, you know what I mean? I don't believe you either. The library experience, sorry, the setup experience has already been useful for me.

And people are still going to have to go through that experience. I don't know about Solomon. Haven't used him. It might be that Solomon, and you may have different opinions on Solomon and the Solomon experience.

I was looking at your new info play over here, and Solomon has some of the same stuff, as you know. And so there's an open question that I need to come back to that I do want to ask a detailed question of.

Like, wait, do you mean new info is actually Solomon? Or do you mean it like Conan? Or what are you talking about specifically here?

Because looking at the code base, it looks like they're split across a few things. But that's a detailed question.

The higher level point I want to make is that I think what we're coming up with today is an action plan for how we want to define our focus within the library.

Not that we actually want to remove existing capabilities. Not that we, by default, by putting two things on the board, we're saying, let's remove all capabilities that aren't these two things.

However, we should have a conversation about maybe there are capabilities, specific skills, specific things in the library that are on the chopping block.

And we would be best served by just getting rid of them because they're either unknown, untested, and we don't plan to test them because this is where we're going to focus.

We're not going to test these in the short term. So if people run into this corner of the product, they're just going to run into something that's good.

We don't even know what's going to happen. Or they're actually intentional ways that we know are bad and or don't work with where we're going.

So let's go ahead and remove them. So there is a pullback, the bounds of the product, boundary of what it could do.

Then I think the next play after that is leave the things that we know are just sort of vibey and somehow communicate to others, at least communicate to ourselves, that this is the core that we're going to really work on and eval and get better on in these two different jobs.

Starting with maintenance.


